Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
We're going to start with the second half of this show.
Welcome to GigaOM Biological.
This is for all the marbles.
This is for the grandchildren of Earth, ladies and gentlemen.
My name is Jonathan Cooey.
I come to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of my garage.
I used to be a scientific advisor for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
before I realized he was nothing but a scripted national security actor.
And behind him are a number of other national security actors that collectively, I think, represent a treasonous level of contribution to American history that needs to be addressed in a significant way.
And I feel very alone in this, but that's okay.
Intramuscular injection is a dumb idea, and I'm sure of that.
Transfection is an old idea, and I'm sure of that.
RNA cannot pandemic, I'm pretty sure about that.
And autism, being a meaningless word by design, is an absolute certainty.
Thank you very much for joining me.
Don't forget that this background signal was based on a biological signal that they saw coming for decades.
And that's why, of course, this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality can be seen in this very simple graph.
And that's what makes it so easy to get through this.
Ladies and gentlemen, please download the PeerTube app and watch me using it.
And our website, stream.gigaohm.bio.
I am very excited that that app is working so well.
Thank you very much for being here again.
We are part of a two-party theater.
which cannot be dismissed as something that only affects the way that certain politicians behave, or the way that certain people behave, or the way that certain courts behave.
This is an all-encompassing national security narrative, a theater which is performed by these people with the express objective of always maintaining control over the American machine.
Think of it as a very large aircraft carrier, a starship destroyer, and nobody is on that ship looking for a job to do.
Nobody's on that ship being randomly assigned what to do.
It is a very fine-tuned, highly, highly organized performance.
And on an aircraft carrier, that could involve thousands of sailors doing their job very skillfully and knowing exactly how to do it relative to the other sailors.
And so there is no way that we can look at the Trump administration and RFK at the head of HHS as, you know, guys that got there because they're grifters or because some dumb people on the Internet voted for them.
We have to see them being there as an intentional
product of a national security theater, and then question why it would be that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would be put in the place that he's been put.
Why would an Indian like J. Bhattacharya, with no qualifications at all, be put at the head of NIH?
Why would an Egyptian UK citizen be put at the head of the FDA?
Why is there a foreigner at the head
of DITRA?
Why is there a foreigner at the head of the U.S.
Emirate?
Why is there a foreigner at the head of Rocky Mountain Laboratories?
Why are there foreigners all over the United States government and with people in our government with foreign passports?
Why aren't we talking about that?
because this whole thing is a national security theater and these people are national security actors and so the diary of a ceo as i told you earlier this morning is a podcast with a staff of 50 employees that's not by accident or because they're so successful that's by design that is a militarily
sponsored or a paramilitary organization on the internet just like a lot of this like rift tv this is a joke ladies and gentlemen these are all people that are sponsored by willy-nilly people that are willing to go along with the script because they know that we are being governed by these people they know it's not real they know that donald trump is just a friend of
Hillary Clinton.
They know that Steve Bannon and Harvey Weinstein go back decades.
They know that Aaron Siri worked for the Chief Justice of the Israeli Supreme Court as a clerk.
They know that he worked for Silverstein after 9-11.
They know that he worked for Oracle as a lawyer.
They know that Aaron Siri is a fraud because they know that he used to work for Goldman Sachs just like Steve Bannon did before he was set up as a movie producer or whatever.
And so this is a really extraordinary time in U.S.
history because- We are joined with, I think, a new guest.
Dan, I don't think I've ever had you on this show.
Dan Cohen.
How you doing, man?
You doing okay?
I'm good, I'm good.
We can finally see into how America is governed.
And now the only question is, who is the actor?
Who are the scripted actors that are left yet to be exposed?
Who are they?
And they can be unwitting scripted actors.
They can be unwitting in the sense of they don't have the requisite knowledge to see through it.
But Dan has been communicating with me behind the scenes for almost three years now.
And so you have to keep that in mind as you listen to him talk.
There's a tweet that you responded to and I kind of want to dig into the tweet because I'm interested in this aspect of Charlie Kirk's death.
I've been fascinated by the way each side has been trying to use them as a cudgel to hit the other side.
It's almost like there wasn't a real... Let's see if I can find it.
There's apparently an announcement right now happening.
So let's see about the announcement.
It's a fairly established, mature pathway.
Again, we have a duty to let doctors and the public know.
We are going to change the label to make it available.
Hundreds of thousands of kids, in my opinion, will benefit.
One study found that with kids with autism and chronic folate deficiency, 2 thirds of kids with autism symptoms had improvement, and some marked improvement.
Mr. President, you told us to do what's medically right, to go bold, and not worry about the corporations and the lobbyists.
Chronic folate deficiency, probably caused by Tylenol.
Tylenol use during pregnancy.
Holy shit.
Look at Bobby.
I'm gonna go back.
I can't believe it.
Since 2000, autism rates have surged by
much more than 400 percent.
Instead of attacking those who ask questions, everyone should be grateful for those who are trying to get the answers to this complex situation.
And the first day all of these great doctors behind me were there, I told them, this is what we got to — we have to find out.
Because when you go from 20,000 to 10,000, and then you go to 12, you know there's something artificial.
They're taking something.
And by the way, I think I can say that there are certain groups of people that don't take vaccines and don't take any pills that have no autism.
That have no autism.
Does that tell you something?
That's currently.
Is that a correct statement, by the way?
The Amish.
Yeah.
What a remarkable answer that is.
He's got a whole book about vaxxed versus unvaxxed studies with some clown named Brian Hooker.
And his response was, yeah, there are some studies.
He wrote a whole book with a guy who's supposed to be a whistleblower.
Brian Hooker, who in 2013 didn't use the word autism, didn't like to use the word autism because he thought it was a dumb word that didn't describe vaccine damage, the neurological injury that his son had.
He's got a whole book about it.
That is remarkable bullshittery from our Health and Human Services Secretary.
Wow.
Come on, girl.
I heard none.
See, Bobby wants to, yeah.
The Amish.
Yeah.
Virtually.
Is that a correct statement, by the way?
The Amish.
Yeah.
Virtually.
I heard none.
Yeah, the Amish.
You know, that stuff that Steve Kirsch talks about.
Wow!
I mean, Bobby is really a failure.
Bobby is a scripted failure.
And I don't think he's smart enough to know how much of a fool he's being made of.
He is a fool.
He looks like a chump here.
After 15 years of taking half a million dollars a year from salary alone, from children's health defense, this fraud of a man pretending to be a patriot sent by God
says there's a few studies that suggest it.
Even though he released this book in 2023 with Brian Hooker, you know, that dude who was working for 16 years for the US government to try and transform and transfect plants to make medicine, who then came out in 2013 or 14 saying that his kid had autism.
You know, kind of like when Brandy Vaughn and Tony Barker were starting to break shit apart.
Oh my gosh.
Can you see the clown show here?
Bobby wants to be very careful with what he says, and he should, but I'm not so careful with what I say.
But you have certain groups, the Amish as an example, they have essentially no autism.
First, effective immediately, the FDA will be notifying physicians that the use of, well, let's see how we say that.
Acetaminophen.
He doesn't know how to say acetaminophen?
He didn't... He didn't learn how to say Tylenol before the freaking announcement?
Wow, that is so super clown show.
Okay.
Which is basically commonly known as Tylenol.
During pregnancy can be associated
with a very increased risk of autism.
So taking Tylenol is not good.
I'll say it, it's not good.
So are we saying that taking Tylenol causes autism and therefore Mary Holland was full of shit for 10 and a half years?
Are we saying that poly Tommy was, has been full of shit about the MMR or about the DTP?
Or are we saying that all of them have been wrong, including the health and human services secretary, Bobby Kennedy, who's on camera all throughout the last decade saying all kinds of stupid shit that has nothing to do with Tylenol and some kind of deficiency and foliate.
It's remarkable, don't you think?
After 25 years, Sherry Tenpenny never got here.
After 20 years, Brian Hooker never got here.
And now that we're here, we're not saying, wow, we sure screwed that up.
It's so bizarre what's happening right now in America.
It's so bizarre, unless you understand that it's all one giant national security theater and America is designed, it is scripted that America is going to have a civil car crash in the form of Donald Trump's administration being completely discredited from top to bottom as 100% fraudulent.
For this reason, they are strongly recommending that women limit Tylenol use during pregnancy unless medically necessary.
That's, for instance, in cases of extremely high fever that you feel you can't tough it out, you can't do it.
I guess there's that.
It's a small number of cases, I think.
But if you can't tough it out, if you can't do it,
That's what you're going to have to do.
You'll take etylenol, but it'll be very sparingly.
It can be something that's very dangerous to the woman's health.
In other words, a fever that's very, very
dangerous and ideally a doctor's decision because I think you shouldn't take it and you shouldn't take it during the entire pregnancy.
They may tell you that toward the end of the pregnancy you shouldn't take it during the entire and you shouldn't give the child a Tylenol every time he goes.
He's born and he goes and has a shot.
You shouldn't give a Tylenol to that child.
All pregnant women should talk to their doctors for more information about limiting the use of this medication while pregnant.
So ideally you don't take it at all, but if you have to, if you can't tough it out.
So are we going to blame the FDA for taking so fricking long to figure out that Tylenol during pregnancy can screw shit up?
Are we going to blame it on the FDA, the only, the only organization in the administrative or executive branch that is supposed to do it?
I don't know what's going on here, but it's ugly.
If there's a problem, you're going to end up doing it.
The other thing that I can tell you that I'll say that they will maybe say at a little bit later date, but I think when you go for the shot, you do it over a five-time period.
Take it over five times or four times, but you take it in smaller doses and you spread it out over a period of years.
And they pump so much stuff into those beautiful little babies, it's a disgrace.
I don't see it.
I think it's very bad.
They're pumping, it looks like they're pumping into a horse.
You have a little child, a little fragile child, and you get a vat of 80 different vaccines, I guess, 80 different blends, and they pump it in.
So, ideally, a woman won't take Tylenol.
And on the vaccines, it would be good, instead of one visit where they pump the baby, load it up with stuff, you'll do it over a period of four times or five times.
I was — I mean, I've been so into this issue for so many years just because I couldn't understand how a thing like this could happen.
And you know it's artificially induced.
It's not like something that — when you go from all of those, you know, healthy babies to a point where
I don't even know structurally if a country can afford it.
And that's the least of the problems, to have families destroyed over this.
It's just so, so terrible.
I also, and we've already done this, we want no mercury in the vaccine.
We want no aluminum in the vaccine.
The MMR, I think, should be taken separately.
This is based on what I feel, the mumps, measles, and the three should be taken separately.
Remember that separating the measles, mumps, and rubella into three shots was exactly what Pauly Tommy and Andrew Wakefield were arguing about for autism awareness back in the year 2000 in the UK.
This is a national security hamster wheel that was started in the UK and then recycled in America and this fake health freedom movement and all these actors that are behind it are just charlatans and if he's too dumb to know that's possible but I think in general what you have here is a guy who is a scripted actor
He does, is allowed to improvise within the script, but this guy is not sophisticated enough to understand the biology behind these lies.
He is only sophisticated enough to know how the country is actually ruled, including knowing that he is lifelong family friends with Bill and Hillary Clinton, not their, you know, arch nemesis, which is of course would be absurd.
person that a lot of what has been put out is And It seems to be that when you mix them there could be a problem So there's no downside in taking them separately.
In fact, they think it's better.
So let it be separate the chicken pox is already separate because when that got mixed in I guess they made it for for a while it really was bad and
So they make chickenpox.
Individually, they're...
Okay, when you mix them, something maybe happens.
So there's no downside in doing it.
It's not like, oh, if you do it, bad things.
No.
Now we're going to say Paul Thomas was right that, you know, a delayed schedule or spread out schedule is the only thing we need to do.
And so we are actually on the dumb script of CHD right here.
And so we need to take these people to court.
as frauds, as scripted frauds that are endangering our country and engaged in treason.
That's what we need to do because they're on somebody's script and this script is absolute shit.
They are treasonous.
Anybody that's stuck on this script is treasonous.
Traitors, ladies and gentlemen, traitors.
only good side.
And it may not have that much of an impact, but it may have a big impact.
So let those be taken separately.
And then hepatitis B is sexually transmitted.
There's no reason to give a baby that's almost just born hepatitis B. So I would say wait till the baby is 12 years old and formed and take hepatitis B.
And I think if you do those things, it's going to be a whole different, it's going to be a revolution in a positive sense in the country.
The FDA will be updating the label of an existing drug to reflect potential benefits in reducing some autism symptoms.
This gives hope to the many parents with autistic children that it may be possible to improve their lives.
That's one of the things that I'm very, very happy about.
This was mostly going to be on how not to have the child affected.
But we've learned some pretty good things about... Keep in mind that Polly Tommy was on a newspaper, like a picture in the newspaper because her little boy was cured by secretin injections according to Andrew Wakefield's recommendation.
And that was already 10 years ago.
So what's going on here?
Because we're not going to say secretin here, but already 10 or 15 years ago, Polly Tommy said secretin.
Hi, big dog.
How are you?
What's up?
What's up, big dog?
How you doing, big dog?
What's up, big baby?
You're such a big baby.
Certain elements of genius that can be given to a baby, and the baby can get better.
And in some cases, maybe substantially better.
Not gonna be easy, but it sure sounded like he said some elements of genius can be given to a baby But maybe he meant genes.
I don't know.
I really don't know.
It's kind of sketch Get better is that can be given things about certain elements of genius that can be given to a baby and the baby can get better and in some cases maybe substantially better and
Uh, not gonna be easy, but, uh, be a lot easier if it didn't happen in the first place, as these great parents fully understand, right?
They fully understand.
I feel so terribly for... I have so many friends with autistic children, it's just... it's a tough situation.
I have so many friends!
I have so many friends with autistic kids.
I have so many black friends.
How could I be racist?
Vending the autism fever, the NIH will be announcing 13 major grant awards from the autism data science initiatives.
And to be honest with you, to me, that's the least important.
It's not even a money thing at this point.
There's so much money.
But they have to do, and they have to move quickly.
When the alternative is that nothing bad can happen, let's do it now.
I was just saying to Bobby and the group, let's do it now.
Nothing bad can happen.
It can only good happen.
But with Tylenol, don't take it.
Don't take it.
And if you can't live, if your fever is so bad, you have to take one because there's no alternative to that.
Sadly, first question, what can you take instead?
It's actually, there's not an alternative to that.
And as you know, other of the medicines are.
There is no alternative to Tylenol to reduce fever.
Holy shit.
Absolutely proven bad.
I mean, they've been proven bad with the aspirins and the Advils and others, right?
And they've been proven bad.
So I'd like to ask Bobby to get up to the podium.
So wait, aspirin is bad now?
Advil has been proven bad?
But now Tylenol's added.
There's no alternatives.
Wow, this is just so stupid.
It's so stupid.
And it's by design.
I'm gonna say a few words and then Dr. Botticeria and
Dr. McCary, Dr. Oz, Dr. Fink, followed by two incredible mothers that have experienced firsthand what this country is going through, what parts of the world are going through.
And I will say there are parts of the world that don't take Tylenol.
I mean, there's a rumor, and I don't know if it's so or not, that Cuba, they don't have Tylenol because they don't have the money for Tylenol.
And they have virtually no autism, okay?
Tell me about that one.
And there are other parts of the world where they don't have Tylenol, where they don't have autism.
That tells you a lot.
And I want to say it right now.
And you know the way I look at it?
Don't take it.
There's no downside in not taking it.
So I'd like to ask Bobby to come up and say a few words.
I hope I didn't ruin his day, but that's the way I feel.
I've been very strong on this subject for a long time.
You know, life is common sense, too.
And there's a lot of common sense in this, and I wish things like this were brought up.
And this group has worked so hard on it.
But I'd like to be a little bit more, a little speedier in the process of a recommendation, because there's no harm in going quicker.
There's absolutely no harm.
At worst, there's no harm.
Thank you very much.
Bobby, please.
Thank you, Mr. President.
To meet the President's challenge, I ordered HHS to launch an unprecedented all-agency effort to identify all cause of autism.
including toxic and pharmaceutical exposures.
At present, Trump's urging NIH, FDA, CDC, and CMS are turning over every stone to identify the ideology of the autism epidemic and how patients and parents can prevent and reverse this alarming trend.
We have broken down the traditional silos that have long separated these agencies, and we have fast-tracked research and guidance.
Historically, NIH has focused almost solely on politically safe and entirely fruitless research about the genetic drivers of autism.
And that would be like studying the genetic drivers of lung cancer without looking at cigarettes.
And that's what NIH has been doing for 20 years.
As a result, we don't have an answer to this critical question, despite the cataclysmic impact of the epidemic on our nation's children.
We are now replacing the institutional culture of politicized science and corruption with evidence-based medicine.
NIH research teams are currently testing multiple hypotheses with no area off limits.
We promise transparency as we uncover the potential causes and treatments
and we will notify the public regularly of our progress.
Today we are announcing two important findings from our autism work that are vital for parents to know as they make these decisions.
First, HHS will act on acetaminophen.
The FDA is responding to clinical and laboratory studies that suggest a potential association between acetaminophen used during pregnancy and adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes, including later diagnosis for ADHD.
So it's funny, right?
Because Brian Hooker says that his
His son was transformed after having five vaccines on the same day when he had an ear infection.
Pauly Tommy tells a story of acute changing in their in their kids behavior and in their function of their bowel.
This is really not that at all.
He's talking about autism because you're taking Tylenol during pregnancy.
Even Pauly Tommy in the movie Vaxxed actually said that she was told to give the kid Tylenol after her vaccines, and that might've played a role.
Pauly Tommy said that 10 and a half years ago in the movie, or 10 years ago in the movie Vaxxed on April 1st, 2016.
Bobby Kennedy is a scripted fraud.
Donald Trump is a scripted fraud and lifelong family friend of the Clintons.
Dr. Oz is frickin' Dr. Oz.
He might as well be Dr. frickin' Phil.
Autism.
Scientists have proposed biological mechanisms linking prenatal acetaminophen exposure to altered brain development.
We have also evaluated the contrary studies that show no association.
Today, the FDA will issue a physician's notice about the risk of acetaminophen during pregnancy and begin the process to initiate a safety label change.
HHS will launch a nationwide public service campaign to inform families and protect public health.
FDA also recognized that acetaminophen is often the only tool for fevers and pain in pregnancy, as other alternatives have well-documented adverse effects.
HHS wants, therefore, to encourage clinicians to exercise their best judgment
and the use of acetaminophen for fevers and pain in pregnancy by prescribing the lowest effective dose for the shortest necessary duration and only when treatment is required.
Furthermore, thanks also to the politicization of science, the safety of acetaminophen against the risk of neurodevelopmental disorders in young children has never been validated.
Prudent medicine, therefore, suggests caution in acetaminophen use by young children, especially since strong evidence also has associated it with liver toxicity.
Some studies have also found the use of acetaminophen in children.
So let's think about the biology of this bullshit for a second.
How is Tylenol acting on the developing brain of the fetus?
Crossing the blood-brain barrier?
Crossing the placental barrier?
Not processed by the mom's liver before it gets there?
Do you see the problem here?
Do you see it?
The lack of specificity, the lack of fidelity in their answer, the lack of, you know, details in the answer that just kind of glossing over.
It looks like Tylenol is correlated with something.
You could probably correlate it also with the car they're driving, or the fast food they ate, or what team they cheer for with the kind of science that they're probably doing.
Ladies and gentlemen, America is being undermined by a two-party theater that is just a national security theater with one cast, one script, and one destination for this giant cruise ship, and that is hell.
where your kids are experimental animals for the Human Genome Project.
That's why these guys are all about AI and medicine.
They're all about data sharing.
They're all about data farms.
They're all about Larry Ellison.
They're all about Peter Thiel.
They're all about the Human Genome Project.
That's why the Research and Development Director, College Dropout,
apprentice to Mark Lander and Francis Collins, Mr. Kevin McKernan is behind this guy.
That's why Dr. Robert Malone is behind this guy, and Dr. Merrill Nass, and the Mary Holland Esquire, and Tony Lyons of Sky Horse Publishing that Steve Bannon calls brilliant every time he introduces him on his war room show.
This is one malevolent show, ladies and gentlemen.
It might be easier for you to cognitively think of the Trump administration as a stooge Republican administration that's actually just a bunch of Democrats that know that they are driving this car into the tree
For the Democratic Party on purpose, but it's not a Democrat Party.
It's not a Republican Party It is a globalist party.
It is a party of the billionaires.
It is a party of weaponized piles of money And This man is a fraud that man is a fraud This man is a fraud that guy over there is a fraud and wherever the hell Jay Bhattacharya is my taco Eating friend is also a fraud
can potentially prolong viral illnesses.
FDA will drive new research to safeguard mothers, children, and families.
In addition to a possible cytomedicine connection to autism for pregnant women, infants and toddlers are... Turkish military... Research has revealed that folate deficiency in a child's brain can lead to autism.
We have also identified an exciting therapy that may benefit large numbers of children who suffer from autism.
Peer-reviewed literature has documented that up to 60% of folate-deficient children with ASD can have improved verbal communications if given Lucavorin.
I have instructed NIH, FDA, and CMS
help doctors treat children appropriately.
Jay will help tell that story, which started with sound science, the kind that restores faith in government.
This announcement also represents a historic collaboration between NIH, FDA, CDC, and CMS.
We expect this to be the first of many announcements over the coming years.
and deliver actionable information to parents on underlying causes of autism and the potential paths for prevention and reversal.
Finally, autism is a complex disorder with multifactorial ideology.
We are continuing to investigate a multiplicity of potential causes with no areas of taboo.
One area that we are closely examining
as the president mentioned, is vaccines.
Some 40 to 70% of mothers who have children with autism believe that their child was injured by a vaccine.
President Trump believes that we should be listening to these mothers instead of gaslighting and marginalizing them like prior administrations.
Some of our friends like to say we should believe all women.
Some of these same people have been silencing and demonizing these mothers for three decades.
Because research on the potential link between autism and vaccines has been actively suppressed in the past, it will take time for an honest look at this topic by scientists.
But I want to reassure the people in the autism community that we will be uncompromising and relentless in our search for answers.
We will perform the studies that should have been performed 25 years ago.
Whatever the answer is, we will tell you what we find.
We are researching this issue to all three agencies.
Jay will discuss one of our research initiatives at NIH.
This model of unleashing... That is part of your plan... No prior administration had, so I'm just here to express my gratitude and I am looking... 20 years...
FDA also recognizes the spectrum.
It seems certain that there will be a wide range of biological contributors to similar results from any other chronic conditions that plague Americans.
Thank you, Secretary Kennedy.
Thank you, President Trump.
It is with the utmost sincerity and with as much emphasis as I can put on it as a man
Jay Bhattacharya is a complete fraud.
Three times I was flown out to California to go to a broken science initiative meeting, and three times I met this guy and talked to him about the pandemic and what I was teaching, and three times he told me how great I was.
But the third time when I met him,
was right before the election and he told me to keep my mouth shut about Robert Malone because he was about to be appointed NIH director.
And at the time I thought, holy shit that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard and now there he is.
So he actually told me.
before Trump was elected, before Bobby was appointed, before any of that had happened, he told me that he was going to be NIH director, and he asked me not to talk about Robert Malone anymore on my stream in 2024.
That man is a traitor to my American children and yours.
He is a fraudulent man who does not have the requisite expertise to
argue his way out of a wet paper bag using basic biological principles, nevermind running something called the national institutes of health.
I would have a very hard time not punching his lights out if I were to ever see him again in person.
So I don't need any more invitations to broken science.
That's for darn sure.
Thank you very much.
Am I being clear enough about the fact that I am an American who lost a job at a top 10 American university medical school at the start of the pandemic for speaking out about transfection being an old technology and that we would never use it on our healthy old people?
And now six years later, my name is being ruined because it's in that stupid book of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
after I already told him that his book was wrong.
And yet he still listed me as an expert as somebody who would testify, I guess, to whatever shit is in that book.
But if you read the quotes of me carefully, you can see that that's wrong.
So if there's any real journalists out there, any real newspapers out there, any real political magazines, or any real talk shows that want to know the truth about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and the inside workings of CHD, Children's Health Defense,
and how fraudulent these people are like Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass.
I'm your man.
Because I'm looking for an attorney to help me sue CHD and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for tricking me and using me and now tarnishing my reputation by listing me as an expert in that shit fake book called the Wuhan Cover-Up.
This is our health and human services secretary, ladies and gentlemen, and he is a fraud.
And I am one of the few people that can professionally and personally testify to that.
And I would be happy to do it in any court of law on earth.
And by the way, Jay Bhattacharya is equally fraudulent.
I don't think that he could have an in-depth discussion about anything biological.
autism data science initiative to turbocharge autism research, devoting an additional $50 million to the cause of studying autism.
Nearly 250 research teams from across the country applied, sent in their applications, and were peer-reviewed by the NIH review panels.
The NIH peer reviewers chose the 13 best projects focused on root causes and therapies with replication and validation studies to guarantee gold standard science.
The studies feature a new kind of science called exposomics, where scientists consider environmental and medical factors, nutrition, events during pregnancy, in combination with biology and genetics to answer vital questions about autism.
Science like this, conducted in partnership with families and physicians,
There's no reason for me to watch that anymore.
Those guys are frauds.
I might watch it later just to see what they do.
I want to get back to this part of the show.
Thank you for being so patient.
This is an interview that took place before the Charlie Kirk memorial service, about a week and a half ago or so.
You can find it on YouTube.
And so the real question is, who are the scripted actors now?
I've been interacting with Dan Cohen for about two and a half years.
He knows my story backwards and forwards from many, many phone calls, many, many hours on the phone.
It's just that I guess I haven't written it in Substack, and so therefore he can't really report it yet.
It's still just a work in progress.
But in the meantime, he's been adopting a lot of my language, and so that makes me very excited and proud.
And so I just wanted to share that with you, and that's what this show, this second part of the show is all about.
Been this kind of deification or desecration.
and depending upon the side that you're on, using that club to beat the head of the other side.
It is very weird.
It's very strange.
The images that they've come out with, Jesus taking Charlie Kirk away to somewhere, all of this stuff is very strange.
It's very bizarre.
Let's start there, though.
Give me a take on this.
And just to give reference point, it was this tweet that you were responding to from Sarah Bills.
right here.
Sarah says, why was Charlie giving multiple members of the Trump administration his quote, final wishes before he died?
First Miller, now Noam.
And you point out, he says, because they're following the same script.
Once you see that they're national security state actors, then you can't unsee it.
We are governed by highly paid liars via cable TV, social media, and podcasts.
And just to be clear, Sarah wasn't saying that he knew he was going to die.
His point was, how are all of these people all of a sudden bringing this up as if, you know, I was the last person to talk to Charlie and Charlie told me X or Y?
Break down your comment for me.
So my comment that these are national security state actors, I mean, well, Sarah firstly was pointing out that the Homeland Security Secretary, what's her name, the former governor of
of like, well, no, yeah, Christine Noem.
Yeah.
Um, and then, and then who was the other one?
JD van, who was, who was the other person?
She was, it was, let me see.
It was Christine Noem and it was Miller.
Um, Steven Miller, of course.
Yeah.
Um, both said that he, uh, um,
that, sorry, I have to switch my brain from a completely different subject that I was just working on.
Both said that Charlie Kirk had told them in, you know, right before he was killed, that he was, you know, we need to crack down on the terrorist left, things like that.
That's not an exact quote, but which is obvious, you know, fodder for just right wing
You know, everyone, the kind of narrative that the left is crazy and they celebrate killing and we need to crack down on them.
And, you know, and they're not only they celebrate killing, but but, you know, they're killers even.
And that.
So what my point and Sarah said, look, they're saying the same thing, which is very strange.
And she clarified, I'm not saying that Charlie Kirk knew he was going to die, but it's strange that they're both saying that.
And my point is, yes, these are
These people are scripted.
They are saying that for a very specific political reason.
Kristi Noem
was put in that position.
You know, if you look at, she's like a, she's a grandmother, but she got like a nice haircut, got like plastic surgery, got Botox.
Christine Noem is a grandmother?
Are you serious?
Yeah.
And yeah, exactly.
She's, you know, she's an older lady.
I mean, she's into her sixties, I believe.
I had no idea.
Yeah.
And they made her kind of like, you know,
Hot, quote unquote.
They tried to make her look physically attractive and put her in this position as Homeland Security for this theater where she goes out with ICE agents and cracks down on criminals and does all these appearances on social media in particular.
Stephen Miller is saying the same thing.
So this is clearly a script that went out.
My point is I think actually a fundamental thing that people need to understand.
Yeah, you can see like, you know, that she's 60.
She's I mean, we can look up exactly Christy gnome age.
She's 53.
So she's not she's not 60.
But she is a grandmother.
She still looks good for 53.
Jesus.
Yeah.
But I mean, if you look at pictures of her, like from before, if you look up Kristi Noem, like age, you can find pictures of her from before where she looks much more
plain like home.
She looks her age.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
But you know, and she got plastic surgery.
Clearly, she got like, she clearly does like Botox, you know, lip enhancements, these kind of things.
That's not just because of vanity.
That's because they're trying to market her for, you know, kind of conservative audiences to bring them in to this whole like, MAGA
farm and support Trump.
So, you know, having like a good looking older woman to go and do these appearances on social media where she's out there with the ICE agents, getting the criminals, this kind of thing, that is all propaganda.
And it's a theater is how I describe it, national security state theater.
And really, this is the main thing that I think people
on all sides of the political spectrum have to understand about social media.
We just assume that, you know, like, yeah, they're like social media is pretty normal.
Like we have our X accounts, we have our whatever, Instagram, whatever you use.
I mean, in particular, you know, a lot of people I think who are in journalism, who are in our spheres use X in particular.
But, and we are kind of under this sort of illusion that there is some amount, there's free speech or some amount, or it was censored, but Elon restored it.
And even if we don't really like Elon and his politics, now we have free speech.
Because a lot of the people who were... What is he laughing about?
What does that mean?
When he said illusion, it was really funny?
That's so bizarre.
Banned, you know, we're brought back and, you know, it's a place of free exchange and all these things.
When in reality,
It is, not only is this a corporate platform, it is military-grade social engineering made to, where it is, where there is a lot of inorganic activity and scripted national security state actors that are
difficult to identify and that are put in place to rise at certain points in order to kind of steer
how people think in order to engineer their mind.
Because the most important thing is this, you know, little, our consciousness, that's what they're really fighting for.
How we think, how we perceive reality, and then that, you know.
Your consciousness is their prime real estate is an interesting thing I've had on my slides since like 2020 or so, like, and Jamaril is falling asleep.
determines what we do with our day-to-day on a day-to-day basis.
So the thing is, the more we get good, quote-unquote, at social media, the more we build a big following and we feel like we're interacting with
important people, maybe some journalist who you used to really look up to, and all of a sudden they're favoriting and retweeting your posts, and maybe you're DMing with them.
A lot of that is so incredibly easy to manipulate.
For example, I'll give an example.
The account Syrian Girl,
Maram Sousley, she's Australian-Syrian.
She said, well, Charlie Kirk followed me recently on X. And that is proof that he was changing his position on Israel.
Now, Charlie, and that went viral, that got like several thousand retweets and many more likes.
Charlie Kirk follows like, I think it was like one hundred eighty five thousand people on Twitter.
I just follow is like literally anything.
So, number one,
If that is somehow meaningful, I just don't see it.
I think that's, at best, I would say wishful thinking.
Yeah, that's her point of view.
It's like her little window.
And secondly, especially, you know, bigger figures like Charlie Kirk, they're not spending all day like a lot of social media users who are really good at X.
They're not spending all their time on social media.
He's like a political actor.
He's flying here and running Turning Points USA or this kind of thing.
So there are people that manage those accounts.
So there's no indication that Charlie Kirk himself, it was Charlie Kirk's account, could be run by literally anybody, could be run by his assistant, his hired social media intern,
Or the US military, or a paramilitary organization, or a private contractor working for DITRA.
Like, get there, get there, Dan.
Uh-oh, raining.
It could be run by somebody directly working in the national security state.
There you go.
And this is the kind of thing where it's like, oh, Charlie Kirk's calling me.
He must be having some kind of change.
Oh, he's, you know, so this is the point that I'm trying to make, is that all of these platforms
not only at TikTok, Facebook, you know, they're for different generations now.
It's like boomers who use Facebook.
It's like a lot of kids who use TikTok and, you know, like, I don't know, Instagram and and YouTube and Rumble is now the like alternative platform, you know, but Rumble is like another one that this is, you know, you can have they can make certain podcasts
or shows rise to be, you know, all of a sudden you're getting 10, you know, you're the one that's out front to get tens of thousands of viewers or whatever live.
So all of this is basically an invented reality in many ways.
And it's very difficult.
It's like WWE or WWF where like,
you know, it's how do we know what's fake and what's real?
Like it's scripted, but there are things that are happening that are real, but, but we don't know.
And the overwhelming majority of social media users do not understand the level to which it is, it is scripted and these political actors and political of the single uniparty that rules this country.
Um,
are these people are following scripts.
The national security state is thinking generations ahead in its plans of what it wants to do.
You and I are reacting to the news on a daily basis of what's happening.
We are not understanding there is a major long-term agenda
And big question, of course, what are those agendas?
And that's a huge question.
But my point is social media is their terrain.
It is their theater.
It is their matrix.
It is not ours.
And it is not a public square that they just kind of bought and are making money off of.
It is their form of controlling our minds.
Yeah.
I used to be a software engineer.
I was a software engineer for like 10 years.
Any platform that there's a layer of code between you and that platform, I can control.
And I say that to say, whether you have sock puppet accounts, whether you have certain algorithms that push certain things over other things, those things are manipulated or can be manipulated in a way that serves certain agendas.
Now I made this point earlier, I want to make it again because this video is kind of where, this is where we picked up or left off in the morning show or the early afternoon show.
He's missing the biggest point, which is again, more like the Milgram experiment or the Ash experiment where you have, I don't know which one's which anymore, but the one where people lie coordinatedly.
You know, you have a whole room full of people that agree to lie about something, and then you have one person that doesn't know that they're all in on it.
They're not going to be able to argue with that group of people about which line is longer when 25 people in the room say, no, it's number three.
And you're alone in that room saying, nah, I think it's number two.
It's obviously number two.
You're going to have a lot of trouble with that.
That is an illusion that can create it in a military fashion on social media with a combination of sock puppets and actual people scripted to say stupid shit.
And that's where we are.
The pandemic was largely, if not exclusively created by people on social media saying stupid shit.
And then people like me going along with it and then being amplified as long as we were going along with it.
We were all set up.
It doesn't matter if you saw through one side or the other side, you participated in it because you think you saw through it when actually you didn't.
You just saw one show or the other show.
So yeah, you're right.
It's not reality in the reality sense of the word.
There's always a space.
There's a rift between you trying to hit at real reality versus the code base that's there to give you, let's say, a view, a take on what that reality is.
No, I totally agree with you.
I mean, I give you, especially political actors,
they tend to be on script.
So for example you had all of the drones that go into Ukraine and then all of a sudden you see
80 on my site, maybe like 30 internet sites coming up saying, Donald Trump is weak.
Donald Trump allows NATO to be attacked.
And they're saying almost the exact same thing with maybe a different tone, a different letter, a different word here or there.
They don't script.
They have a very specific agenda of what they want to accomplish in referencing that particular event, creating hysteria around that particular event, trying to get a following on that particular event to get it to bubble up on the side of the thing.
Those people, they know that this wasn't an attack on NATO.
That doesn't stop them from pushing it out there in order to try to pull Donald Trump in a particular direction.
It's scripted, agreed.
And it's not just that, it can be all sorts of things.
I mean, Cuban Twitter, if you remember, where I think the CIA created this kind of Twitter-like thing that they controlled, that they wanted to use to try to overthrow this Cuban state.
it only got like 30, 40,000 people on it.
But even that, it's like 30, 40,000 people on a device created by the CIA to overthrow Cuba.
I agree with you.
No, I totally agree with you.
I don't think people look at it in those terms, though.
Let me add, let me add something.
I mean, yeah.
So like people understand, you know, a lot of anti-imperialists know about that episode in particular.
Well, yeah, that episode in particular, where they had that
Just to reiterate, Robert Malone was involved in the Arab Spring operation, which was largely based on Twitter or some other WhatsApp thing.
And now he is one of these advisors behind RFK and CHD and the fraudulent anti-vax fake health freedom movement that's part of this fraudulent Trump administration.
Ladies and gentlemen, we've been set up.
And it's vital that everybody starts saying it out loud.
If we're not going to just say it out loud, that the Trump administration is just a joke.
And it's a setup.
They're on the same team as Obama and the Clintons.
We're never going to get out of this.
And our kids are never going to be able to see it for what it is.
Yeah, Twitter kind of thing that they operated, I think it was like ZunZuneo or something like that in Cuba to overthrow the government.
Social media was clearly a weapon for regime change.
So if it is a weapon for regime change and social engineering against Cuban sovereignty, well, what does that mean that we are using it every day?
How are we being engineered in a far more sophisticated way than it was like a decade or so ago?
Another thing I might point out about that is.
The idea that, OK, so like we all see that there are coordinated groups of liars,
You know October 7th perfect example the 40 beheaded babies hopes these kinds of things.
We're like everyone who is Paying attention or is critical basically Saw that as an basically obvious hopes and saw that it was coordinated that was very clearly I mean it was we know that that came from Netanyahu's office and was handed out, you know, okay, that was very obvious So we know these things happen
And those are, those are the most obvious ones.
What I would suggest, the example that you gave about like, um, these, you know, drones in the, in the Poland in order to convince Donald Trump to be more aggressive towards Russia or whatever.
I think that Donald, the idea that Donald Trump is, um,
Anti has these anti-interventionist instincts very and is pushed by Hawks Very well could be and probably is part of the script.
Yes That's most security state script because it's a point because you know, Donald Trump speaks from both sides of his mouth all the time he says, you know, we don't we don't seek regime change in Iran and
You know, we don't want war.
We're going to negotiate with them.
And then he uses those negotiations to give Israel the element of surprise for Israel to launch this war, which then Trump, of course, supports in every way, and then actually even joined in.
The same thing with Hamas.
The U.S.
was, you know, oh, we got really tired of Joe Biden.
You know, everyone's, oh, Trump is here.
We got the temporary ceasefire.
And then negotiations with Hamas.
And this is great.
And wow, finally, some sense here.
And then the element of surprise.
Boom, you know.
So that to me is all, that's coordinated.
That's not an accident.
That's not a lie.
Exactly.
Precisely.
Yes.
They got those guys together.
Boom.
Hit them.
You know, so these are the same, these are scripts, national security state scripts.
This is not happening again and again by accident.
And if it were one time,
you know, that Trump got played or got rolled, then I'd say, Oh, okay, you know, that might carry some water, this idea that, you know, he's being pressured like that.
But the reality, I think, you know, fool me once, shame on you, right?
Fool me like 30 times, like, then at some point, you know, I'm just a goldfish, like, going into the, you know, the side of the bowl again, and again, like think, think, think,
And that's basically, I think, where we're at.
And people who and I'm not, you know, accusing you of this, obviously, but like, even myself for a long time, I really thought that, yeah, like Trump really does have these anti interventionist instincts, like he's a good he sells it really well.
And I think this is broadly accepted in anti imperialist thinking.
I gave him the benefit of the doubt when he first got in office and was like, all right, let's see what he does.
But then you're bombing Yemen.
You're trying to attack Venezuela.
You just murdered 11 people in a Venezuelan boat.
We just found out about the North Koreans that you murdered.
I mean, you can go down the list on these things.
This is not a person who's anti-interventionists.
He may be trying to do it on the cheap, but anti-interventionists, no.
And he sells it quite well, you know, I mean, it's like, you know, but Biden said, you know, ... But we're back to talking about Donald Trump as an independent actor that's not really under our control.
We're back to talking about these things as being independent forces or independent actors that aren't under our control.
So we're not quite saying that Donald Trump is a scripted national security actor yet, which we need to say, because he is.
Biden in AOC, Genocide Joe, and the future of the Democratic Party in AOC don't care.
These people are scripted national security state actors.
With Biden, it was too obvious.
With Kamala, it was too obvious.
That's why she lost, because she couldn't sell the story to the public.
Trump is a great actor.
He was in Home Alone.
He did pro wrestling appearances.
This guy is really an actor, and if you look at who created the image of Donald Trump as a sort of conservative, populist, billionaire who really is gonna take the establishment and stick it to them, it was Steve Bannon.
Steve Bannon, the former Goldman Sachs banker,
who crafted Donald Trump's strategy.
He was his media strategist, and he basically engineered his campaign to get him into the White House.
And Donald Trump is really a longtime Democrat.
I mean, there's a quote from him in like 2006 or 2005, where he says, I identify as a Democrat.
you know, as if it's like an identity thing.
And so he's a longtime Democrat, a corrupt New York State, New York City real estate
Vogel, who was given everything and is just kind of disgusting, dirty guy, who is everything that conservative, rural, you know, Bible-thumping America hates and reviles.
But somehow this guy, you know, they put a red hat that says, Make America Great Again, and fashioned him into this image and sold it to middle America.
That mirage, that script is still in play right now.
Agreed.
I think, though, if I'm being honest with you, I don't think Donald Trump would have won.
He had no political opposition in real sense.
But even now, does he have any real political opposition?
It's almost as if the Democrats went with this idea that Donald Trump is Satan, Donald Trump is the devil, Donald Trump is Mussolini, he's Hitler, he's gonna put Liz Cheney against the wall and shoot her in the face.
So you shouldn't vote for Trump.
We have all this lawfare that was effectively used.
And then when he wins, you have nothing to fall back on.
He basically, you threw any and everything that you can think of you as hysterical as you can be.
They say never go for retarded.
Well, they went for retarded.
And at the end of it all, he's still standing.
And so at that point, it's like, okay, well, what do you have else to throw at him?
You've done everything.
You've tried to throw him in jail.
You've called him everything but a crowd of God.
You hit him with everything but the kitchen sink.
And none of it worked.
And he was able to get this kind of political coalition of Republicans where he could consolidate his political power with effectively the Republicans.
Now, they may have limits.
So we're still talking about Donald Trump as somebody who's just smarter than or better than other people and inevitably won, and therefore now is driving the bus, which I said as a long time ago, and I will really try to reiterate it now,
Donald Trump is not driving the aircraft carrier.
The reason why the planes take off and land, the reason why, you know, everything runs fine, the reason why the battleships are where they are relative to the carrier, the reason why mom is where she is in the water when all these planes are landing and the way that they're parked and all the meals are served and all the people are where they're supposed to be all the time is because this is a well-oiled, orchestrated, well-orchestrated machine.
The American government is a well-orchestrated, well-oiled bureaucracy that doesn't function just because, completely differently, just because, oh, Donald Trump is now in the driver's seat, and therefore, this machine is now doing all kinds of things that it wouldn't normally do.
But we are led to believe that's the case.
We are led to believe that at the moment's notice, this aircraft carrier can do a left turn, and turn around, or go underwater, or fly away.
And even the best aircraft carrier metaphor is bad because we really should be thinking of it like a cruise ship.
Aircraft carriers can go pretty fast and can turn pretty sharply relative to how big they are.
The average ship of that size with the kind of, you know, like a cruise ship cannot do that.
And that's really more what the American system is like, the American economy, the American government.
You must think of it that way.
You must think of it that way, that there's no way they can blame everything on Donald Trump or on Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
unless all of this was all ready to go.
all of this, you know, strip mining of America.
Basically, this is all ready to go.
It's already happening.
It was already going and these people aren't putting up any meaningful resistance to it.
That's why they're talking about dyes and in Froot Loops instead of the wholesale destruction of the real estate market in America and the vacuuming up of private homes in America by moneyed interests all over the United States.
This is not a joke.
And these two guys still seem to be convinced that at the head of the operation is still some kind of mad genius named Donald Trump.
He's just an actor.
He's not a really great actor.
And therefore he's able to get control of the largest bureaucratic apparatus on earth ever imagined with the most expensive and most expansive military on earth and just able to take control of it because he's a great actor.
That's not what happened.
They're using a great actor and people on social media that agree that that must be what happened in order to convince America that that's what's happening.
But that's not at all what's happening.
He controls nothing.
Actually, if Trump is like, hey, I need you guys to sign a deal to end the Ukraine war, they're gonna tell Trump to F off.
But in regards to just basic politics, Trump has been able to consolidate power and destroy his political opposition.
It's not like Democrats are like, here's the plan that we're going along with, and here's the policies.
There's nothing coming out of them, nothing at all.
Let me put this out there.
Yeah.
So Trump, so the opposition, the Democratic opposition to Trump, from when he was a candidate until- I mean, for example,
Steve Bannon being ultimately behind Donald Trump and being a Goldman Sachs investor and being connected to 9-11 narratives and, you know, film companies and all this other stuff, that's all Mark's stuff.
It's hard for me to imagine that Dan didn't learn all of that by working with Mark on the Li Min Yan article, but he also didn't credit Mark with that either.
He has been saying, the way I like to say it, the way that I think about it, the way that I phrase it,
Which is fine, I have said many times, I just want people to take this language and run with it.
But it's remarkable that somebody who's known me for almost three years in the background, has been trying to get me to write something with him in the background for that long, would now take all of my verbiage and kind of just represent it as his own.
And Mark's story about Bannon and that kind of represented as his own insight into this
you know, social media, national security script, which, again, it's hard for me to swallow this as, but it's, it's all good.
This is how it works.
And immediately when he got into power, of course, when he when he won, immediately they launched Russiagate.
Now for anybody who was watching critically and wasn't being partisan, you can see that it was obviously phony from the start.
And what did it do?
It strengthened Trump in the eyes of middle America.
Was that part of the script?
Was that intended to fail, to make Donald Trump
look better.
Oh, you think all of this is theater?
You think that this is just Punchy Judy?
I mean, somebody pulling the strings for the Punchy Judy parts.
Steve Bannon is deeply connected in Hollywood.
Where did Trump derangement syndrome come from?
Hillary Clinton wanted to find a way in order to A, make herself
Yeah, and Russiagate was a way to do it.
You're talking about Russiagate.
OK.
Yeah.
Which, you know, I brought up Russiagate, obviously.
OK.
Russiagate, obviously, Hillary Clinton and intelligence agencies.
Right.
Now, did Donald Trump ever really deviate from what Hillary Clinton would have done or what the intelligence agencies, you know, what the deep state, the establishment wanted him to do?
No.
So we don't know that.
I mean, keep in mind, Hillary Clinton was talking about putting air defense in Syria.
Hillary Clinton was easily going to get further involved in Ukraine without any issue.
Donald Trump did that.
Donald, when Obama was president, the, of course, the Maidan coup happened.
Trump, Trump came in and Obama said, I will only send defensive weapons to Ukraine, not lethal weapons.
Trump said, no, we're sending lethal weapons.
He escalated it.
Why?
Because just to be clear, it wasn't in a vacuum.
They were screaming bloody murder that Donald Trump was effectively an errand boy for Vladimir Putin, that any and everything that he did... He's the president.
Why does he have to listen to what the screeching Democrats are saying?
At that point, he had won.
Seriously?
I mean, come on.
You know that these guys, when they are under political pressure, which, what he was, I mean, they were literally trying to impeach him.
They impeached him twice.
First time was nonsense.
Second one was fair game.
I guess I'm saying it's, I don't think- He thinks the impeachment was real.
Right?
That's the problem.
He doesn't see the timeframe and Dan needs to relate to him the timeframe.
The timeframe is that whole period there.
Pre-COVID, first term, it's all the same show.
He was the same Clinton insider.
That's why Gottlieb was his FDA director.
Come on, guys.
Come on, Dan, you can do it.
It's not unreasonable.
when a massive wave of political pressure is being applied.
Hell, they even had an investigation.
If Mueller would have found anything, they would have taken another one from him.
See, he's again, assuming that the Mueller investigation was real, that the hearings were real, and they're not.
They're a national security theater.
He still doesn't get it.
I don't know if Dan gets it either, really.
Put him in a cage.
And that's exactly, they found nothing, all of it,
failed, all the impeachments, all of the Russiagate stuff, it all failed and it all consolidated him as the man.
It brought him back to the White House again.
I agree.
I agree with you on that.
I'm just pointing out that human beings do respond to political pressure.
And anything that Trump did, they were trying to get Donald Trump.
You and I are, we subject, we are subject to pressure, but like the halls of power, like they're not, they don't give a shit how much we, we demonstrate against, you know, against the genocide or the coup in Venezuela.
None of that makes a bit of difference.
We could be out there unless we are actually stopping the machinery, you know, physically blocking it from happening.
We can protest all day long.
They do not care.
Biden didn't care.
Trump doesn't care.
They, you and I are subject.
Absolutely.
The puppets in the puppet show are not actually hitting each other.
And you know what people think about us, like that influences us, those powerful, you know, the U S government does, doesn't care.
The, the Republicans don't care if like, you know,
if, you know, they call him Putin's puppet and say there's a pee tape, they can say that all they want.
They like, and if you look at what I was gonna say before, if you look at Trump, the whole phenomenon of Trump derangement syndrome, like
think about kathy griffin beheading that beheading trump remember that all that kind of stuff so get ready to make sure that you see that there's still a
still not there yet, right?
Because Dan should be saying, first of all, the whole concept that all of these people on social media agreed that there was such a thing as Trump derangement syndrome and that everybody started talking about that was a scripted phenomenon that was then reinforced by the beheading of Donald Trump in wax by
Kathy Griffin, the promotion of that image on both sides of the narrative and Snoop Dogg's controversial music video.
It's all part of that.
You watch, you know, The View.
A lot of that came from, like, Hollywood and, you know, media personalities and especially Hollywood.
Steve Bannon is
deep in Hollywood.
He was a Hollywood producer for years after he left Goldman Sachs.
He was in Hollywood for several years working on documentaries where he was the executive producer of numerous documentaries.
He has stakes in production firms.
He's connected to like Seinfeld, the Seinfeld show, for example, like he is deep in Hollywood.
Trump derangement syndrome, those kind of antics
came from Hollywood and what does it do?
It makes...
middle america look at these insane hollywood liberals and be like baby hat they want to be had our president like yeah i don't love trump he's kind of you know sleazy but like look at these you know make you know this guy's changing this guy's really changing just the same way that charlie kirk was really changing you know it's what i'm saying i i'm just at a point where i just see this stuff and there's and there's very compelling evidence that this stuff is scripted these are scripts
I don't doubt that some of it is scripted.
You would have my complete agreement on some of it.
It's hard to tell where the distinction is between... Okay, part of it is the script can change.
You know, it's like a choose-your-own-adventure kind of thing.
Like, the script has to correspond to reality, or else... I've also said choose-your-own-adventure many times in my stream describing it that way.
There's an enormous amount of verbiage right now that is directly giga-ohm biological.
It's awesome.
You know, it's not gonna work, you know?
Yeah.
So, you know, like, did they want Donald Trump to win?
I don't know, you know, maybe they would have been perfectly happy if Hillary Clinton won.
Did they want, you know what I mean?
I think you're leaving out incompetence, like meaning these people may just be stupid too.
Like, if you get my point, like when they're going after Donald Trump and they're using Hillary Clinton is going with this whole Russiagate stuff and intelligence state goes with the whole Russiagate stuff and this stuff gets stovepiped into the FBI where they have an investigation.
As a person, just as a human being, that's pressure.
That is political pressure where you know they are trying to rip you out of office and anything that they can do to rip you out of office and anything that they find.
Every narrative at that point that's created goes under this model of Trump is doing this because he's working with Putin.
So it's like, well, Trump doesn't put sanctions on Putin for,
you notice right it's the host's video that sucks dan's video is pretty continuous i hope my video is continuous so it's just the host's video which i find kind of remarkable is he in a hotel room like
So bizarre.
He was falling asleep earlier.
It's strange.
Stealing the election because he's working with Putin, as opposed to the common sense thing of, well, if you pass sanctions on Russia for stealing the election, it implies that Donald Trump didn't win the election on his own.
But everything was put under that lens, even the whole, well, why doesn't Trump give offensive weapons?
Well, obviously he's working with Putin.
Like, none of this stuff was necessarily associated with reality, but all of it was fit through a context.
I'm saying that Trump, like any other person, is stuck with that, the gravity of the context.
And you can see the effect on him now.
When Donald Trump is going out and giving press briefings, and he spends like 15 minutes saying, well, I put in javelins, I've been difficult on Putin, I passed sanctions, I did all of this.
He's not saying that for his health.
he's saying that because he is still stuck with this idea that some people believe that he was working with the russians and anything that he does in that context needs to be see he thinks that donald trump is calculating what to say based on what he feels and his ego and all this other stuff and it's wrong
He has the problem still that he can't see that Donald Trump is not a actor acting on his own.
He's an actor reading a script.
He doesn't seem to understand yet.
Wow.
Somehow justified by showing how much of a badass he was towards the Russians.
It bit into him.
I'm saying, I agree with you that some of this stuff is scripted, but the behavior is getting across something else.
This is not like Trump reading a script.
This is Trump dealing with, for all intents and purposes, seemingly trauma of that first term of the shit that they were throwing at him.
Tell me if you think I'm wrong on this.
I think this is a case of,
again, fool me once, shame on me, shame on you.
We're like, in the first term, I really, I was on the same page with, you know, what, with what you're saying, like, yeah, bring him all the time.
And, you know, he doesn't really want even met with Putin and all this stuff, you know, and, but, um, like, Trump, you know, Trump is a candidate.
I mean, of course, it's, you know, it's, it's, it's candidate talk, but you know, I'm going to end the Ukraine war on the first
the first day, blah, blah, blah.
I mean, honestly, you could end the Ukraine war quite easily if you wanted to.
But he's like announcing new sanctions all the time.
And then he says, this is Biden's war.
This is Biden's war.
This isn't my war.
You know, he said that's like his go to every time.
That is obviously a script.
That's obviously like a rehearsed thing for him to say.
This is Biden's war.
Like, no, this is your war.
And it was your war when you decided to send when you sent offensive weapons in your first term and you escalated it.
So this is a bipartisan.
This is a uniparty war.
This is not, you know, just a Democrat thing.
agree all you know you were campaigning with lindsey graham at the same time that you were telling people
in the, you know, I just see this as like, right.
Yeah, it's like right wing Obama, that it's like, you know, people were tired of Bush.
And, you know, we got like, of like this, like country ass idiot, who is clearly like stupid and went to war on Iraq on a series of lies.
And, you know, we shed all this blood and treasure and killed all these Iraqis.
And now we get like,
a good looking, like, black dude, as a time when identity politics are becoming like more important.
And wow, we have like a minority as president.
And, you know, and he says, like, change and all this stuff.
And like, people were immensely hopeful.
And
It was a huge letdown.
He was the quintessential establishment candidate.
And it's the same thing with Trump.
It's like, these are the, you know, generational kind of scripts that I'm saying that it's like, okay, you know, we have this goal that we want to do, say, 50 or 100 years or whatever it is, this is what we're trying to do.
How are we going to maintain
this theater until then.
Okay, we need to invade this country, we need to invade this country, we need to roll out this program domestically, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Look at these social phenomenons.
It's like, that's how they see us.
And we have to keep the image of democracy.
And sometimes we have to make this party look really stupid and crazy so we can have this one rise.
I just see it as-
in this case?
They, that's a great question.
I can craft the exact same thing with individual actors.
Like meaning you have a moneyed interest that pushes on political parties to do X or Y. The money interest pays for both.
So you get this kind of weird unit party thing in the way that it functional or operates, even though they have to mouth certain things from their own constituencies, even though ultimately they back very similar policies.
Like I don't need a they for that in that case.
You get Donald Trump.
having to go at Jeb Bush and then leans into the whole anti-war thing, even though obviously he's still trying to do primacy for the United States, regardless of what comes out of his mouth.
So he thinks the whole system can just be coordinated by money donations, right?
So the entire cruise ship and all the food that gets served and all the cleaning that happens and all the parties that get thrown, or better yet, which I really like better,
The aircraft carrier and all the things that need to happen in order for that aircraft carrier to launch and land a hundred planes a day happens because people are paid lots of money.
Otherwise that whole place wouldn't work.
Even though it's an aircraft carrier where nobody needs money.
Nobody needs the money that they're at when they're at work.
Nobody has any incentives to work hard except for the fact that what?
They wanted to be a part of it.
They believed in the idea that this was something that they should do, want to do.
They wanted to be a part of that team of a thousand sailors.
And so I want you to see that still they're not there yet.
They don't see how it's possible that the U.S.
government could be controlled by scripted actors because they don't see that it is nearly all of them
And more importantly, behind certain scripted actors like Donald Trump, surrounding certain scripted actors like Donald Trump or Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or Jay Bhattacharya or any of these other people are a series of scripted national security actors behind them, acting as advisors and coaches.
That's how they do it.
That's how they've done it.
Bobby Kennedy may be a victim.
He may be just a dum-dum.
That's possible.
Donald Trump is just an actor.
That's very, very likely.
And so we need to wake up and understand that this is not real.
These people are not real.
And social media is a military weapon that we cannot use safely.
Neither can our children.
Biden who's like, oh, I'm working tirelessly to stop the war.
Okay, no, you're not.
You're just lying.
Like some of this stuff is just them doing this stuff for political expediency to get from point A to point B. I don't know.
For one, I don't think the US has 50 years.
for them, they can plan out whatever they want.
I don't think this is gonna last 50 years.
And I don't know- But how can you make a statement like that without some kind of, what is it?
A financial thing that's gonna happen?
A racial thing that's gonna happen?
A class divide?
What kind of bullshit statement is that to say without any real details about what you think is happening?
Because I think it's a controlled demolition.
I think the controlled demolition has been happening for some time, probably since 9-11 or a little before.
They want to destroy the US as we know it, like vulcanize it, you know?
That's the other interesting point.
Did you read the article, and we can end on this one, where the guy, I think it was a Russian guy, who was pointing out that Trump's plan is to devalue the dollar, that the debt is so high that it is impossible to pay back.
And so the goal is to get all of these countries on cryptocurrency where the debt can be manipulated in a way where the dollar can be devalued to such a degree what the US can at that point.
Basically, you're crashing the US market, crashing the US economy.
I didn't read that, no.
I mean, it's a compelling argument.
I would love to read that.
Yeah, and you'd find the thing, the article for it.
Let me say one more kind of... Please.
How about the ancient European royal bloodlines are in charge, but they need Sherpas.
How's that?
One more thing about that.
I think one of the big reasons
for COVID, in fact, was you brought up the national debt.
And we're talking about what are the long term plans of our ruling class?
COVID, obviously, I mean, we could talk about this for like an hour easily.
If you look at our population pyramid, and especially population pyramids in the West in general, but not only in the West, also in China and Russia and Japan, but we're talking about, of course, the United States.
We have a rapidly aging population.
The boomers are dying out.
They are causing a huge strain on the health care system.
They are not producing and contributing to the tax base.
And, you know, our generation, I'm 40 now, I guess, you know, I don't know how old you are somewhere.
I'm much more ancient than you are.
Really?
Oh, congratulations, bro.
I just had a birthday.
I just had a birthday August 31.
All right.
Congratulations.
But like our generation, and, you know, younger than us, we're not having as many kids.
Obviously, our, you know, our population is not growing, we have an inverted, basically an inverted population, you know, a healthy population pyramid looks like this, a triangle, a lot of young people, a lot of babies, aging, you know, and then people die off and
Okay.
Ours is basically the opposite.
And they've been seeing for decades, they've been able to see that the boomers, post-World War II, everyone has a lot of kids, are going to become burdens on the system.
And everyone's been saying, social security is going to, you know, can't pay for this.
Social security is not going to exist when, you know, you and I retire.
And our national debt is enormous.
Now,
COVID with what I would I argue is a
a fake pandemic, a pandemic that did not actually happen, but was projected through social media, through cable TV, but especially social media, was used to kill a lot of, in particular, older people in order to sculpt those population pyramids to keep the system intact.
and to keep this whole thing going.
And this is actually not my theory.
I can't take credit for this at all.
If you want to talk to one of the most interesting people I know, this is the theory, the observation of of a guy named Jonathan J. Cooey, who
was an academic.
He was an academic biologist working at the University of Pittsburgh, who was fired for pointing out that the covid shots were actually an old technology that that biologists use all the time called transfection.
But it wasn't a new technology at all.
And he was basically researching on his own, doing all kinds of research and streaming on his own.
to figure out what's going on with the pandemic.
He was then hired by Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
Kennedy, RFK brought him on to help him write his book, The Wuhan Lab Leap, or The Wuhan Cover-Up, which is all, you know, the case that the COVID-19 came from the Wuhan lab.
And in the middle of writing that, Cooey realized the whole thing doesn't even make sense, that the thesis
that it came that COVID was COVID-19, SARS-CoV-2 was a novel virus came from a laboratory, or was even a novel virus at all, didn't make any sense.
And we were being fooled.
We were being lied to that there was a pandemic.
When he went to RFK to say this, you know, this is what I figured out.
RFK fired him.
Yeah.
RFK
RFK doesn't have the scientific literacy to be able to evaluate that argument.
He just told them this isn't the place for that.
So it's like he hired him to write this book, he hired this scientist to write the book.
And then and then scientists came and said, No, no, we got it all wrong.
And he's like, you're out.
Now, RFK, of course, was brought in as he's now Trump's Secretary of Health and Human Services, right?
That is part of a script is what I'm saying.
So like,
I highly recommend you interview Cooley on this.
Yeah, I disagree with you on that.
I'll be blunt.
I just disagree with you.
I mean, like, I've known too many people who died from COVID.
I've known too many people who died from COVID.
Holy shit.
For it to not be real.
Like, I don't know.
I don't know how social media was killing people with COVID.
I'll say it that way.
Well, that's why this would be a this would be a long conversation to get to get into.
But I mean, what I can say, okay, I'll give you I'll give you a clear, clear example.
It took me it took me a couple of years to figure this out.
When I mean, I was, you know, I got the shots.
At first, I was like,
I was paying attention was going on in China as an anti-imperialist.
And I was like, man, this is really serious.
We need to be masking.
No one's masking around here.
This is crazy.
You know, like we need to lock down.
Look, China locked down and they're beating the virus.
And, you know, I I'm telling you, I came from the complete other side.
I was what I would say was completely taken in.
It took me when I started to realize maybe this is not what it
appears is I saw, and I can show you all this stuff, but the US government issued, the FDA in particular, issued a new protocol for how a death certificate is written.
Normally, how a death certificate has always been written in this country is it is a medical opinion.
So you can have all kinds of medical opinions, right?
It's a medical opinion from either a doctor, but usually it's like a coroner or something like that.
And how it works is you have, it's a sequence of events that led to the death.
So you have the immediate cause of death.
And that is a sequence that leads back to like the underlying cause of death.
So say you died of, you know, some viral, some infection.
Well, you had that you died of that infection, that's the immediate cause of death.
because your body couldn't fight it because you had, you know, cancer.
Something else going on.
Yeah.
Right.
And so that's me.
And so the underlying cause of death was cancer.
But the virus was the thing that actually did that.
Right.
And what actually killed you at that moment.
But, you know, so it's like, you know, something that you and I or anyone with a healthy, normal immune system could fight off because you were very sick with cancer or heart disease or diabetes or whatever it is.
You you can do that.
Your body couldn't fight it off.
So what goes into the records, you know, is the underlying cause of death.
Now, the FDA, I believe it was the FDA, I have to look to be sure, but I'm pretty sure it's the FDA, issued orders in February, March of 2020, that instructed hospitals, coroners, you know, all of these that deal with death certification, and it's mostly not doctors who deal with death certification, by the way.
It instructed them to completely change how a death certificate is written.
So now, firstly, the immediate cause of death is what you should focus on, not the underlying cause of death.
And secondly, anywhere that COVID-19 is listed, that will be considered the underlying cause of death.
And this is only applied to COVID-19.
So like for everything else, it's the same protocol.
But for this specific thing, it's where we've completely flipped upside down and then said anywhere COVID is is found.
We're gonna call that a COVID a COVID death.
No, but by definition, that means COVID was real.
I'm saying that, according to their definition.
So if you I'm not saying that doesn't mean that that it's real.
It means that
what they are saying is we want you to change how you count completely in a completely different way.
Now, if you look at, that doesn't mean COVID was real, that can, what I would say is that they were testing for things that were not a novel.
No, he just did.
They were finding.
Arthur Vandeley in the chat, he did just drop my name.
He did just drop it a little while ago.
We watched it.
He did drop it about at about 40 minutes in.
Don't say anything about margarita pizza because I'm starving right now.
My children are not answering my texts.
I might just end up falling out of the screen.
And if that's happened, it's probably just because I'm having a sugar crash right now.
We're things that already I need dinner.
They were using PCR tests, which no one knows.
Did you ever know what a PCR test is?
Do you know what PCR stands for to this day?
I knew at one point, I don't remember now.
What I mean, the COVID thing was a while back.
I'm not I'm not trying to call you out.
But what I'm saying is myself too.
I'm like, we're sticking these things up our nose all of a sudden overnight.
It's accepted that this thing called a PCR test, which no one knows what the hell that even stands for, let alone what it actually is.
Scientifically, we don't have the scientific literacy to even know what that is, or being shoved up our nose.
And that proves that tells us whether or not we have this virus, even if we're not
have an infection, even if we're not physically sick, maybe you're still contagious, right?
That was what we were told.
In fact, those were non-specific.
Those tests were made to find any tiny amount of a particle of any kind of coronavirus.
So if I give you an analogy, say the police want to find the Batmobile,
So they're like, the Batmobile's around here somewhere, and we're gonna use this test.
And the Batmobile, we all know what the Batmobile is, very specific.
So what they do is, we found a tire, okay?
It's nonspecific.
We found a tire.
Damn, that wasn't my case either.
And there are Batmobiles everywhere.
We found many Batmobiles, right?
I can tell you, in medicine, oftentimes, the test is looking for something that is
Meaning you don't need something that says, we found this specific thing.
What you're looking for is, do we have this particle?
And predominance of the people with this particular particle will have X or Y. I understand your point.
You're saying that a non-specific tire can be for any car, not just for the Batmobile.
And when they found the tire, they're saying, hey, we have the Batmobile here.
I understand your point.
And everybody has, you know, and then everybody has this.
So what I'm saying, and again, this is I was completely taken in when I was like going through this, but everybody didn't have it.
I never got COVID.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
What I found, I didn't, I didn't, supposedly, I had Omicron.
But I was, I, you know, it's fine.
What, what I what I'm saying is, if you take, simply take
the, let's assume that the PCR is real, and that COVID was real, let's just assume it was real.
If you take the normal way that is used for everything else to this day, to quantify debts, to certify a debt, that protocol, and it has to be the only way you could do, you know, you could, you can have a, you have to apply the same definition to everything.
Otherwise, you're going to have, you know, none of it makes sense, right?
So they took a completely different one.
If you took that normal way and applied it to COVID-19, and I went through the CDC's death certificate data, which is all available online in a database called Wonder, about 90%, according to them, according to their data, would not be considered COVID deaths, meaning if, like,
So that's the overwhelming majority.
Would not be COVID deaf.
I hear you.
That was the first thing for me to get from completely agreeing with you to where I am today.
I know we're going maybe longer than we planned to.
No, you're fine.
This is a big, big, big, big question.
That was part of the National Security State Theater, is what I'm telling you.
And I know what I'm saying sounds crazy to a lot of people, but what I would ask you, Jamaril, and your audience, is to not immediately dismiss, because really no one else is saying this, and certainly not on Twitter, or on right or left, or maybe it sounds more right-wing, I don't know, whatever.
Don't immediately dismiss it, because it might sound crazy, but... Don't take this wrong, but a lot of people died.
And you can say that they changed the mechanism, fair enough, but they would have to change the mechanism all across the world.
In Brazil, they would have had to change it in Israel, they would have had to change it in Russia, China, et cetera, where all of these people were also dying.
I don't think that the FDA was operating in any of these other countries.
The World Health Organization issued, okay, for one thing, the World Health Organization, a lot of different countries had a lot of different protocols.
However, in particular in the West,
the World Health Organization issued its protocols and guidelines and actually wrote a piece not long ago showing that the figures who wrote the protocols for the World Health Organization were part of a basically massive lie to make the lab leak theory appear as if it were
Oh, look, I don't doubt you on that.
Fauci was full of shit.
Agree.
You can look at the emails that they were trying to hide and bury.
Fauci was totally full of shit.
We were totally engaged in function research.
Oh, no, no, no.
What I'm saying, no, no, no.
I'm saying that the lab leak theory is bullshit.
And it was and it's and it's scripted National Security State Theater to make us think that it was the real narrative that they were hiding from us.
What I showed in a recent piece that was read this on my on my website, Uncaptured Media.
I have my own my own site, Uncaptured Media.
Yeah.
If you remember, I mean, you know, this is going this is going back to like July 2020.
There was a supposed Chinese whistleblower named Li Mengyan.
who came out on the Tucker Carlson show and said, you know, so primetime Fox TV, this is not like, you know, and said, COVID is a bio weapon.
I just fled from Hong Kong.
And, um,
I'm telling you that COVID was a bioweapon from a Chinese lab and she, you know, was then seen as she was the the
The first LabLeak whistleblower.
She was the original LabLeak whistleblower.
And at that point, it was considered like right-wing and, you know, maybe racist or whatever.
Dan did a long article with Housatonic, Mark Kulak.
Mark Kulak wrote a lot of it, then Dan kind of cleaned it up and put it on his substack and they published it together.
So that's where this is all coming from right now.
This is Dan Cohen.
And they were calling it the China virus and all this stuff.
She, what I found, and I show this in the investigation, is that
Li Meng Yan lied about who she was.
She made it appear as if she had never been in the United States.
It's weird because I don't think that he found any of this stuff.
This is all Mark's work.
So hopefully Mark's name is coming pretty soon.
She was actually married in the United States and she is married into one of the most prominent families
in the biomedical apparatus here in Washington in particular, whose work was substantially funded by Anthony Fauci's NIH.
And I don't believe every random thing that I hear on this stuff.
Well, but as you point out, the narratives get created all the time.
But this was the narrative that was created.
And at that point, everyone thought, no, it's just respectable people.
This guy can't grasp it.
He's shorting out in his head.
He's like, I don't believe everything that I hear.
Everything that you hear is part of the script.
Your hat is too tight on your head.
I'm going to show you what a good hat looks like.
I probably came from nature, a bat cave or whatever.
And it was considered right wing and racist to say that it came from a lab.
And it slowly became accepted, especially because of scripted actors and social media.
This is what I'm saying.
To tie this all the way back to the beginning of the conversation,
The better, the more you can, the more that we, I don't, and I'm gonna say we, cause I'm part of this too.
The more that we consume social media.
And the more that we use it and think that we are good at it and that we are necessarily seeing the lies like, you know, and some of the lies are... In reality, this is way too early, right?
This would be like a clockwork orange or the edge from U2 as my Halloween costume or my, you know, time travel hat.
Um, but actually there are many, many houses on our street already that have the full, um, menagerie of inflatable, scary things on their, on their lawns and inflating them at night already.
It's not even October yet.
Like what, what in the world is going on?
Oh, sorry.
They're so obvious.
The October 7th lies, the drones in Poland, these lies are so obvious to us.
Other lies, we get taken in by.
And it's very, extremely difficult to know.
And especially when it becomes like our profession, you know, that like, we're like, this is what we do professionally.
This is what we devote our lives to all this stuff.
It's really easy to get taken in.
And then, you know, when your job depends on it, it's, I mean, I'm sure you- Dan and Mark got hooked up by me.
I introduced them as far as I know.
You've heard the quote, never try to convince a man of something upon which his job depends.
Yeah, exactly.
It's that kind of thing.
So like, we become part of the script, and we don't even know it.
I'm not saying that, you know, you tomorrow, you have to accept, you know, what I'm saying everything about COVID, just because I'm telling you, what I'm saying is like,
Please have an open mind.
Please take this stuff into consideration and go check it out.
You know, go go into the rabbit hole.
Look at some of the stuff I've published.
Interview this cat, Jonathan J. Cooey, on this stuff.
Ask him, why did you get how did you get in touch with RFK?
You know, why did he who are, you know, interview him, ask him every question you want.
One guy against like that's like saying somebody ran an experiment.
The person came up with a result, but nobody else came up with the result.
Is he right?
He could be.
Am I going to believe one random guy?
I'm not going to believe one random guy.
Nice.
I love it.
That was awesome.
He's just one guy.
Basically, everybody said Saddam had weapons of mass destruction.
At that point, you were crazy if you didn't say that.
As I pointed out, he could be right.
Yeah, I'm not I'm not saying you have to blindly accept him.
I'm not even saying you have to say he's the most important guy I'm telling you my opinion that I think he's one of the the sharpest minds in the country and is a real It's a real basically a threat to the system and that's why we haven't heard of him That's why he's not invited on on big podcast.
That's also whoa That's like I'm like I'm up there with Whitney Webb now.
Holy crap
In part, he doesn't try to engage with social media because he sees it as a theater.
So, I mean, it's very, very easy to be co-opted into the script.
And it's like, when you step into the matrix, whatever, it's hard to know what is organic, what is inorganic, what's fake.
And all of a sudden- No, he has not reached out yet.
No.
You know, like I was, I really, I'm telling you, that happened to me.
I really thought- I mean, honestly, it is very difficult to find a floor.
Agreed.
And it is easy to,
let's say fold ourselves in the narratives one way or the other.
So I agree with you on that.
I do agree.
So I'm just saying all this stuff needs to be re-examined.
And like the fact that, you know, what happened in COVID, with COVID is considered like- Where's Dan Cohen in the chat?
Why does everybody keep saying that Dan Cohen is in the chat?
I do not see Dan Cohen in the chat.
So if he's in the chat, I already blocked him a long time ago.
How is that possible?
Dan Cohen 3000.
Where is Dan Cohen 3000?
I see fun times 2000.
Oh, listed as a viewer.
Oh, he is in the chat.
Oh, wow.
Okay, wow.
Great.
Hi.
Hi, Dan.
Very nice.
Shout out.
Thanks, man.
That is part of the multi generational
plan that we are living through, of how that restructured society carried out all kinds of things that most people are not even aware of, but a lot of people suffered from.
No, Dan, just let me make clear, Dan is not blocked.
I can see Dan.
It's just that I didn't see him chatting.
So everybody was saying that he was in the chat, but I couldn't see him chatting.
I didn't notice it.
He has a different color, so it's, yeah, anyway.
In a multitude of ways.
And to say that that was like, well, that was like years ago.
Yes, it was.
But I mean, our society has been completely restructured since then, and it's still extremely relevant.
So I know like right now, you know, Gaza and Ukraine and Charlie Kirk are like,
more way to go dan that's all i can really say i mean it was really hard for me at first in the beginning of the interview to hear a lot of my verbiage or what i imagine is my verbiage because i'm not paying attention a lot but um and and wonder if if there was going to be a shout out i i really think that mark deserves a shout out as well um but thank you very much for that uh wonderful uh hat tip i don't think i'm one of the
sharpest front and center in our minds, but you know, we have to be thinking in not only like reacting to the headlines and what's happening, but react, you know, longer term.
And we can end it on this, but I think from your point of view, this is kind of like, what does a mass destruction in Iraq?
Like the ramifications go for decades.
I mean, we're still dealing with the ramifications of this kind of project for a new America that was kicked off by Bush lying us into a war.
They just got Syria, you know.
Yeah.
After 20, yeah, after 20 something years.
And I think your point is like the restructuring of the state in the way that COVID has affected
all of this will have long-term repercussions and that our assumptions for it need to be re-examined.
I do get the point.
I'm not discounting you.
I don't want you to think that I'm just blowing you off.
I'm not.
I do get where you're coming from with it, the point that you're making associated with it.
Like in the same way that media can kind of get on a bandwagon and run with a particular thing and people have a certain idea of the world, well, the same thing would be true for the way COVID was
introduced and the way that we dealt with this thing that was introduced.
No, I get it.
I do get it.
I'm not discounting.
I swear to God, I'm not.
I get it.
And like, honestly, I get that.
I get like, you know, people react strongly to it because it's an emotional thing.
People are like, yeah, like I know people that died.
Like my
You know, people like I know people that died around me, you know, my whatever, like.
So it's it's not just like a passing headline or whatever.
It's a personal thing we all live through.
You know, people went through crazy isolation or this or that, and maybe they lost their job or whatever it is.
So I'm not saying I don't I don't, you know, take like offense to people being like, you know, being like, what?
That sounds crazy, man.
What are you saying?
I'm all I'm all I'm saying is like,
Like, just- It's unfortunate that this guy's video is so bad that you can't really get a good feeling for what he's feeling or not feeling or seeing.
It cuts out at all the wrong times.
It is incredibly annoying.
Let's be clear, I never said that.
I patiently listened.
No, I don't even blame you.
Okay, you had a minor reaction, but I don't blame you for that.
I'm not even saying that.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think Dan did a really good job.
I'm just going to cut him off there because I want to get to the next thing before I need to find food.
Remember that virology and the myth of it is in danger right now because, for example, this is the head of virology at Harvard.
I don't think that if he's unlucky and he would happen to sit down at a bar at a virology conference and I would happen to be there, I don't think he could have a conversation with me without needing to walk away.
I think Vincent Racaniello is in exactly this.
I think a lot of people that go to virology conferences are in a situation where if they were to sit down next to me at a bar with their little lanyard on and I started talking to them, they would have a very bad evening.
And so all of that is to come.
All of that's going to happen because I'm not going anywhere.
And I have supporters out there that are at least keeping the lights on and keeping the sandwiches in the kids' lunchboxes.
And so I'm going to keep doing this.
I think that we are victims of a national security theater that is primarily motivated by the Human Genome Project and its endless shortcomings.
And these people descend from a group of mentors that goes all the way back to the 40s and 50s and the Manhattan Project.
And that's why the loss of David Baltimore is so crucial.
to understand its significance because David Baltimore and I would have a much more difficult conversation.
I mean, Joshua Lederberg and I would have a much more difficult conversation and I could very easily be outclassed by those two in theory.
There aren't very many people left on the playing field that can hold the, carry the water that David Baltimore could carry and certainly cannot carry the water like Joshua Lederberg could have carried the water.
And, and Kevin McKernan has already exposed himself as a scripted actor by plugging Rixey and by plugging no-see-um technology and trying to blame Barrick and also being associated behind the scenes.
with the operation and advising of Children's Health Defense, and I would testify to that in a court of law.
And so we have been bamboozled by a national security state theater that included the anti-vax movement that killed Brandi Vaughn and Tony Barker.
And so this is a national security theater using scripted conversations and they are conversations being had by scripted actors and all the actors trust the script.
Pandemic biology and RNA virology are definitely part of the script, but the main overarching motivation is the Human Genome Project and the inversion of our children's sovereignty to that of experimental animal status.
Now, what Mark has so eloquently
outlined on his archive website and with his latest week or two of shows is that these people go back into show business for decades and that means that they're still working with each other essentially meeting each other at parties and award shows and the bottom line is is that these are people who've known each other for years and years and years
And people with that level of familiarity, that level of professional trust, that level of consistent behavior with each other,
can be the foundation for a very successful military campaign, a very successful business campaign, a very successful basically undermining of a conservative, a inflation of a fake conservative movement on the lawn of every brain of every social media user in America and around the world.
Now, just to take the pressure off of an evening like this and end on a good note, I want you to think and give another example of what could be done with people that have known each other their whole lives and how, you know, also good things come out of lifelong friendships.
Everybody, pretty much when you travel to Texas, they look up best barbecue, and then if you're in that top 10, they're gonna come to your restaurant.
Texas Monthly, it's a magazine for Texas.
They have an issue that comes out every four years, and it ranks the best barbecue in the state.
I think they go to in the 400s, like, different barbecue restaurants throughout Texas.
So it's a huge thing.
It'll take your business from like one to 10.
I mean, we maybe used to do about 12 racks of ribs.
Now we're cooking 40 to 50 racks of ribs.
This is pretty crazy.
They don't tell you before that you got number ones.
There's no like heads up.
But the day it happened, we celebrated maybe for like an hour.
Then it was like, all right, we know it's coming.
So we got to get to work.
The barbecue is called Goldie's.
I think they won it four years ago.
We only open Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
But it's a long process to get ready for just those three days.
It's all in there.
What's up?
On Mondays, we're pretty much just doing a lot of stuff for the sides, our desserts.
We knock that out, too, that day.
Try to get ready for the week.
Joe's going to be making a rib place.
I think PJ's got the mix.
Everything's gonna be made from scratch here, so that's why it takes a little bit longer to, like our banana pudding, I mean, we're stirring it constantly while it's on the stove.
Everything just takes a long time, because we all do it from scratch.
When we bake our bread and we cut it on the weekend, this is like all the end pieces.
Lots of half and half, butter, vanilla, sugar, a little bit of salt.
It's like 35 minutes.
Just pour it all over.
How much butter is in here?
It's a lot of butter, but this is enough crumble for about 180 portions for the banana pudding.
For the volume we're cooking right now, we really got to be in on Monday to get ready for that week.
Like Tuesday, Wednesday are also like extremely long days where we take up the whole kitchen.
So you can't really do some of that side prep and dessert prep before on those days.
Then I'm definitely fasting now.
I like seeing the customers, like, their reaction, like, when they try a sample.
I like when they, like, they come from all over the state and all over the country.
I'm like, they really came here.
That's fire.
So every week, we spend about $8,000 to $10,000 alone on briskets.
Brisket is pretty much the most important meat in Texas barbecue.
$10,000 on brisket.
That's why they like to say brisket is king.
That's kind of corny, but it really is, though.
If you have a Texas barbecue restaurant, the brisket has to be the best thing on the menu.
Tuesday, Chuck, Johnny, Lane, and Zane will trim all the briskets.
That's like an eight- to nine-hour shift right there alone.
It's crazy how they do it.
It's got one big table and just piles of briskets.
Yeah, just trimming it up for eight hours straight.
We're trimming it down to a certain amount of fat that we know that we can render, basically.
We make the sausage out of the scrap and the tallow out of the fat.
How many are you guys gonna have to go through today?
120.
So one half the brisket is a completely different muscle.
then the other half which is like this this top part right here and you can kind of see it right here too so that's cooking it a little tricky you're basically leaving two different cuts of meat on and trying to cook them evenly the same when one has like not as much fat another one has a lot of fat you want these like nice round edges that are more aerodynamic in the smoker and don't crisp up as much dude chuck is the brisket she has the brisket shift like she's the badass that they feature at the end of the movie it's awesome
Same with the front of the brisket, you kind of make this nice and round as well.
So what you're saying is a brisket is like a car.
Yeah.
What we're trying to trim it down to is to look like that.
Like there's a nice fat band on top and then the meat's right underneath.
They all make it look pretty easy.
It's not, though.
I mean, we're just pretty good at what we do.
To get as good as they're doing, I mean, they probably all trimmed into thousands of briskets at this point.
I'm good also, but I'm just a little bit slower than them.
They're all really fast.
I can be Zane, though.
Zane's not that fast.
What would you say is your record time in trimming a brisket?
A minute.
A minute?
Yeah, a minute.
Lane, what's your fastest time?
59 seconds.
Zane?
30 seconds.
30 seconds!
Nah, there's no way Zane can do it in 30 seconds.
It'll be all scalped up.
You see the wing's nice and round now.
There's not a whole lot of pointy edges.
See how Zane looks all weird and different from mine.
This is how it's supposed to be.
That's how it's supposed to be?
How is it not supposed to look?
This is a little unlaid here.
You gotta take a break here and there, you know.
Gotta hydrate between the trims.
You want a crisp brisket?
Do I want a crisp brisket?
Hell yeah.
sell this brisket for like half of what you just keep it flat the entire time that was great
Another margarita for us.
I just got a statement on the scallops.
The fat is trimmed down perfect.
I like the front of the plate.
I think it looks good.
The Mohawks trimmed down nice.
The three scallops?
Yeah.
All right.
This is hard.
I got to give it to you guys.
It's not easy.
Thank you.
The way we trim, we'll probably lose about 30% of what's on the brisket.
When you put it on the smoker, it shrinks about half.
So at that point, yeah, you're down to about a third of the original weight.
That's how we calculate, like, what the prices of, like, our brisket is.
That's why we try to make it as good as possible.
We don't want people going home paying that much money for subpar brisket.
So on Wednesday, we do a lot of stuff on Wednesday.
That's the day we start sausage.
So that's when we're doing about 200 to 250 pounds of sausage.
And then also, that's when we trim all our pork ribs, anywhere from 120 to 150 pork ribs.
I think we also trim beef ribs that day, too.
So that's the day we kind of do a lot of different stuff.
Is this from yesterday?
Yeah.
What do you use the tallow for?
We'll use the tallow just to hold up the briskets overnight and to make them look shiny.
Dan, what are you doing?
So we're grinding the brisket herrings from yesterday to make sausages.
Everything got marinated with the spices and everything.
So we'll grind it through and then they'll get cooked tomorrow.
Are you trying to grind too?
I always grind and grind, baby.
All right.
Sausage, that's the tricky one.
That's the one that you really gotta do it a lot to get good at.
At this point, I mean, I do enjoy making sausage.
That's probably the thing I was best at when we started the restaurant.
It is tedious, but it is fun.
It's a good feeling after you finish all the sausages up, yeah.
The sausage wings, they like to pop a lot, like PJ's doing right now.
Uh-oh.
I just popped some, too.
You know, it happens.
It happens.
Is that what that bin is for?
Yeah.
Hey, open up that bin.
It's not too bad.
I just got one popped in.
It's also the meat for it right here.
It's all the stuff that got mixed up.
I thought you guys were number one.
No air bubbles.
They didn't do this thing.
Never in my life seen that.
Making sure they're tight.
I hear that the team likes to call you the Glizzy Gobbler.
No, no one's called me the Glizzy Gobbler before.
It's fine though.
I mean, I'm not mad about it.
It's whatever.
How many sausages total do you think you guys are making?
480?
480 sausages?
That's a lot of glizzies.
Where you guys going?
P-City.
Lunchtime?
Yes, sir.
Once a week, we like to go to another barbecue restaurant.
We go hang out with the pitmasters.
We're all pretty close.
But yeah, you just want to go check out other barbecue restaurants, see what they're doing, see how we're still comparing, still trying to learn stuff, even at this point, see how we can make our food better.
So that's the Flaco's half-baked potato salad.
It's like a twice-baked, but Flaco is always baked, so we call it half-baked potato salad.
We got a regular potato salad.
This is a spicy vinaigrette slaw.
Thank you so much.
I do think I would weigh about 250 if I lived in Texas.
My goodness.
Cheese salad burritos, pork belly burnin' poppers.
We got the brisket elote right here, and then all your standard fare.
We got ribs, turkey, brisket.
Our pork ribs are super good.
This is my favorite.
The corn, the brisket, everything just goes perfect together.
What was it like when you both got on the list?
It was a shock.
You know, you try to put your best foot forward all the time, but I think just making the list, you're still surprised.
It's still such an honor that people recognize you for what you just had.
So, it was definitely a shock.
It was a good shock.
Look at those pieces of meat!
Oh!
So, you're probably the best ribs I've had from Pepperson.
Whatever their glaze is, it's a nice sweet one.
It's not like super fall-off-the-bone, it's got a good bite to it.
It's cooked really well, too.
It's a high-season cutback.
Mm-hmm.
You should get half of your poppers on the menu.
Yeah.
Freshly seasoned real well.
EJ, what do you think?
It's kind of sweet.
I like it.
It's not fall-off-the-bone.
It's got a good bite.
So those three guys have known each other since elementary school, and this is what they can accomplish.
They can become the best barbecue restaurant in Texas because they do it better and better and better every day until they got so good at it.
All of us, we all went to the same elementary.
I've known Lane since kindergarten.
Johnny moved in third grade to our elementary school, so we were all friends before that.
He can bring tears to your eyes if you think about it.
Johnny worked at Franklin.
He worked at Valentino's.
Lane worked at Micklewaite and Freedman's.
I also worked at Freedman's.
Now I want you to think about how dark it is that the entire Trump movement might just be a sort of elaborate improv comedy theater that is being put on by a bunch of people who all go back 30 years to comedy and acting and Harvey Weinstein and Steve Bannon's film companies.
Actually, it was like, all right, we should team up together and have our own barbecue restaurant and just run it the way we want to run it.
Since then, we've been hanging out every day.
Thursdays, me and Lane get there, like, in the early morning.
Lane is touching up the briskets, which is pretty much just going back over the briskets, making sure it's trimmed correct.
And then I will be on the other side of the table.
I'll start seasoning all the briskets.
Goldy supplement?
Yep.
I can't tell if they're interested.
You can't tell if they're interested.
Why not?
It's a secret.
I'll give you $3.
I'll tell you after breakfast.
Put them over here.
Let them sit a little bit so the salt and all sinks into the meat too a little bit.
For example.
you
Texas barbecue, especially for the briskets, you wanna do it low and slow.
We start off at about 200 degrees.
It doesn't get any hotter than 300, and that's a long process, so it takes about 12 to 14 hours just for the briskets.
Same thing with the pork ribs.
That's about a six-hour cook, so it's really long cooks.
You get a lot of smoke on it, but it just gives it that great smoky flavor, though.
It's pretty hot.
It's hot in that smokehouse for sure.
So in the summer, it's not really my favorite time to be out there smoking briskets or just being in that pit room, especially when it's like over 100 degrees.
I think our pit room's at about like 115 when you're in between both those smokers.
You open a door, you get a big gust of like heat and then smoke like fills your eyes up.
It's pretty crazy, but I think that's why people love smoking this way, yeah.
I think I like really how long it takes.
I really like a long cook.
It's just you and the fire just hanging out.
It's really relaxing, honestly.
It's got to be hot as balls.
This is what it's got to be hot.
That's right on the dot.
That scales off a little bit.
We are shaping the bread loaves right now.
We've got our polka dot right there.
That was made a couple of days ago.
Usually at a barbecue restaurant, bread is like a throwaway item.
You always see it in the trash.
Like, it's just a waste of money pretty much.
So we wanted to make it so good that people, like, didn't do that.
We do about 50 loaves a day.
People always come up and ask if they can buy the bread.
We're like, no, we give our bread out for free.
Richard, do you like dealing with bread?
Depends on the type of bread we're talking about.
What kind of bread do you like?
The blue one.
You ever taught me that move?
I did.
I taught everybody that move, but nobody did it.
What is that?
That monitor.
For what?
For the smash we're about to play.
Smash?
Yeah.
Ooh.
You got it at a pawn shop?
Yeah.
I just went and bought it.
If I beat you, I get a chubby sandwich?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
If you beat me, I'll make you guys cookies.
Oh, that's a great deal.
That's a great deal.
After all the meets go on, we like to just hang out.
We goof around.
We brought a Switch up here.
We were playing Smash Bros all day, pretty much.
Johnny's the best.
He does play the most, too.
He kind of no-lifed it for a little bit.
I'd say Lanez is probably second.
I'm last.
I'm terrible.
I might get better.
I don't know.
Why you standing up?
No, there's nothing standing up.
There's nothing standing, man.
Oh, let's go!
What's happening?
All you gotta do is take your mouth off.
Johnny, don't hit me.
Don't hit me.
No!
We got stuff on the line this game?
Cookies and chocolate.
Oh yeah, hit him.
Why are you making cookies, Alvin?
You know, Johnny pulled some real cheeky moves.
I wouldn't say it's the most sportsmanlike thing I've ever seen, but I think I can beat him though.
Maybe I was sandbagging a little bit because I love making cookies.
I'm about to pull the beef ribs.
I've been on since 8 a.m.
What I do is I probe them, and if it feels like butter or cake batter, then I know they're pretty much done.
I'd say they're my favorite meats.
They're just so rich and so good.
So good.
Oh, my gosh.
So I like briskets better.
Isn't it hot over there?
Yeah, it's pretty hot.
That means that the fat is rendered, and these are just going to be so delicious because of that.
All around, perfect beef ribs.
I want to do a Homer impression.
Chuck is our head pit master here.
She's a really quick learner.
She does finish the briskets and the beef ribs, too.
So, I mean, that is the main attraction to the restaurant.
Her shift is critical just because, like, it kind of comes down to that last pull.
If you pull too early, it's going to be undercooked.
That's when it's going to be tough.
If you overcook it, it's going to be mushy.
It's not going to have a good, like, mouthfeel.
There's, like, a sweet spot right in between.
So that's what we try to shoot for every day.
I think they're beautiful.
Yeah.
Hi, Alvin.
I love you, Alvin.
I didn't know they could talk.
Who said that?
My job is basically controlling fire, so I love that.
I mean, it's only getting higher.
Right now it's at 133 and it keeps on going up.
It'll get to 160, like just this area right here.
Chuck, I'm sweating.
It's a nice job.
Alright, get some.
Friday morning.
This makes me really happy to watch.
It's hard for me to think of a better way to share than to feed people.
I mean, they're really lucky.
I mean, that's crunch time.
So that's when we got to start getting the restaurant ready for service.
Everybody's pretty much everywhere in the restaurant.
So Del, he'll start portioning banana puddings, like, in the actual dining room.
We'll have stuff on, like, the cutting board that's not in the kitchen, too.
So it's a little hectic, but now we got it down pretty much to a science where everybody knows what they got to do.
It's a lot of stuff, but we knock it out pretty quickly.
Have you tried one of the puddings already?
No, I haven't tried any of them.
That's pretty.
I'm wrapping some turkeys up right now.
Put a little bit of butter in there.
A little bit?
A little bit lighter on the butter.
Yeah, these are pretty much done.
He's wrapping up for the last bit of it.
Most of the time you get smoked turkey, it's gotta be dry.
We do not do that.
Look at the size of that!
Usually people get here around six or seven, that's where we get our first couple customers.
And it's always nice to see, like, you're like, all right, so we're gonna have some customers today.
Like, right when we pull in, it's like, all right, I think it's gonna be a good one.
How long have you guys been waiting for?
We got here about five after seven.
I definitely ate light yesterday, would have liked to have slept a little bit better.
I didn't want to be so far back that we might miss out on something, you know, that gets sold out.
Mission accomplished.
How did you guys hear about this place?
Texas Monthly.
What's going on, guys?
You would have only had to get here 45 minutes earlier to be first in line.
We actually were before you.
We just left to get coffee.
After we got number one, I'd say half the line is maybe not even from Texas.
We get a lot of people from out of state now.
It's a good feeling that people are waking up this early, waiting in the line before we open up.
I mean, we open up at 11, so people are waiting, you know, five hours before we open up.
Jeez.
Every morning, we'll cut ourselves an actual tray of our food, pretty much to see how we're doing, see if everything's, like, tasting right.
What do you think, Blaine?
It's good.
I've only had brisket so far, and that's it.
Made my day.
Everything's spot on?
Everything's tasting good.
I think it's going to be a good day.
No.
Johnny, what do you think?
Is that good?
I think it's amazing.
Do you want to give it to the customer?
Oh, yeah.
Right at 10.59 is when you got to get your game face on.
That's when we're all ready.
We're sitting behind the cutting board.
And pretty much for the next four hours, we're going to be slammed with customers.
I figured out a little extra four grams for ya.
One and a half, half, half, 2.1B for an ounce.
1.2B for an ounce!
So your total today is $53.
Alright man, you do this for years to go today.
Ah, for here please.
That first hour, that's the crazy hour, for sure.
We try to move as fast as possible, because, I mean, it's 100 degrees out there, so you really got to be quick at this.
When I'm super tired, I got, like, three hours of sleep.
That line will literally get me going.
Like, I can get through the day, like, especially when it's super busy.
That's why I love it.
You have a good day so far?
All right.
One beef rib.
One beef rib!
Half pound pork rib.
I'm going to throw the sausage on the house, I'll lay off the trash.
1.6 beef rib!
Cheese grits or coleslaw?
You said here to go?
Pound, pound, half.
Three smalls.
Can you just sign the screen for me?
In an hour, we go through, shoot, probably about 20 briskets, like 18 racks of ribs, maybe like five or six turkeys.
We're in a good flow, too, where, I mean, it looks easy, but this is because we've done it so many times.
We'll do little samples.
We call them samples.
They're burning.
It's great.
It's like the best part of the brisket, but we give those out for free pretty much to everybody in line.
So that's kind of like a thanks for waiting in the line, and then also this is what you're about to eat.
Three pounds of turkey, three brisket, three turkey.
Any sausage?
One sausage.
Nice.
Any sides?
Yeah.
For the first two hours, like, you know, it's a breeze.
Like, I don't feel it.
And then it's when it's, that third hour is when it kicks in.
That's when it kicks in.
I'm like, oh man, it's a little tiring.
You got tallow going everywhere, you're slicing away.
Especially like at that final hour is where I'm pretty dead.
But, I mean, it's all worth it to see the customers happy, so.
All right, you're all set, man.
Thanks for coming out.
Definitely worth the wait.
I haven't tried everything, so the verdict's still out, but it's up there.
Somebody's got a dishwasher.
Gotta make sure everything's clean.
Yeah, we're all filled out.
Everything?
Yes, ma'am.
Everything.
Yeah, we should have been here earlier.
Yeah, sorry about that.
We'll be open tomorrow and Sunday.
Okay.
After service stops, like, we're not done working.
Like, we still, me, PJ, and Della up here cleaning up, and then, like, they're back there still on the pits.
What I like so much is seeing everybody, like, super happy that we cooked something really good.
It's great to hear people come back after eating and be like, this is the best barbecue I've ever had.
I mean, that's probably the most satisfying part of it.
I mean, that makes it worth it pretty much.
We weren't trying to get number one.
That's not why we opened up the barbecue restaurant.
We pretty much was trying to cook the best barbecue we could.
It was a really good feeling, though, to see that we got rewarded.
Like, our hard work paid off.
What's for you after Goldie's?
Are you going to keep working here, or what's the plan?
I mean, they would want me to stay here, but...
Now she's really good at it, but remember the guy said that he taught her right so they taught her and
These elementary school friends that all worked at different barbecue places that got together to do their own barbecue, they taught Chuck.
And now Chuck is going to go on to start her own barbecue based on all the experience that she got from these lifelong friends.
Think about the powerful nature of that friendship and the beauty that it creates on a daily basis.
A lot of people do think what we do is easy.
I know I used to think it was easy.
But, I mean, we're going to have this title for the next four years.
We're going to keep this up.
I've been on the rescue ship for about six months now and I'm still really happy with what I get to do.
I'm very thankful that I get the chance to do this.
I'm very thankful for my friend Dan Cohen and for my friend Mark Kulak.
I'm very thankful that with the help of Mark, I've been able to get to a better understanding of biology and how a weird sort of pseudobiology has been used and implemented and agreed upon by a bunch of people on a national security script that have basically brought us to believe that racism and COVID
have gone endemic in America in the West, and we have to fix that.
But in reality, biology tells us that endemicity is a myth, especially with regard to an RNA molecule.
I think it was just a background that they lied about, ladies and gentlemen.
I love you very much.
Thanks for joining me again for the evening show.
I'll see you again tomorrow.
It is for all the marbles.
Don't take the red hat team seriously.
Don't take the blue hat team seriously.
Understand that there's a very succinct way to say things.
Dan Cohen's on his way.
Mark's very, very far along this.
I'm a long ways on this road.
And we're all trying to understand exactly how our legs are trapped in the jaws of this awful apparatus called social media.
Let's get our kids out, ladies and gentlemen.
One of the ways out is PeerTube.
Thanks very much for considering downloading the app and following me there.
This has been GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
And like I said, it's not rockin' science.
I will see you again tomorrow.
Thanks for being here.
I guess I can try and do something like this.
I can play that out.
Thanks again.
Sorry for the goofy hat.